Contributing to NVDLA
*********************

NVDLA is open source, and we welcome external contributions on GitHub!  Even
if you're at an early stage, if you plan to make larger changes, we
recommend sharing your plans with us; you can do so by filing an "issue". 
When you're ready to submit a contribution, you can do that by creating a
pull request.

In order to accept a pull request, we generally need to have a signed
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) on file from you.  A CLA helps us make
sure that we have the right to redistribute your changes, and share them
with the community; it is fairly common when sending changes upstream to
major companies.  If you are contributing on behalf of yourself, then you
can sign on your own; however, if you are contributing on behalf of your
employer, then you will need somebody authorized to engage in a contract to
sign for you.  (Google has `some good documentation
<https://opensource.google.com/docs/cla/policy/#corporate-signing-authority>`_
on what it means to be authorized to sign on behalf of a company, which
might help if you are unsure as to who can sign.) Note also that in many
jurisdictions, work that you do even when you are not in the office could be
owned by your employer; please take that into consideration when determining
who needs to sign a CLA.

To sign the CLA, please `download it <_static/nvdla-cla-v1.pdf>`_, print it
out, sign it, scan it, and send it to us at `nvdla@nvidia.com
<mailto:nvdla@nvidia.com>`_.  We only need one CLA per organization, so if
somebody else from your company has already signed the CLA on behalf of the
company, please let us know, and we can reuse that one for you, too.

Additionally, at our discretion, for small bug fixes (around five lines or
fewer), we may be able to accept some changes without a CLA.
